User Groups
===========

## Students
- Organize and archive work
- Share work with public
- Find students with similiar interests
- Specific Feedback on WIP from others
- Share work and WIP with peers
- Discover potential collaborators

- Self-assess work by
- Discover other work


## Faculty
- Organize past student work
- 

## Registered users
- participates

## Anonymous
- browses work in categories


Concepts
========
- What is the purpose/goal?
- What types are there?
- How do the types function? (what do they do?)

# Groups of People (group)
- Purpose
	- Connecting people together for discussing/sharing work

- Types
	- People who I have shared a specific work with
	- People who I provide and receive feedback on a WIP from
	- Public

# Collection of work (collection)
- Purpose
	- Group similiar works

- Types
	- Works that are shared with a specific group (privately)
	- Works that belong to members of a group (publicly visible)
	- Works from a single student
	- Works in a specific category
		major, dept, interest, year
	- Recent, Hot, Top work
	- Personal gathered public works

# Student Work
- What does work look like?


- Content
	users, groups, work

- Relationships
	collections of work

Content, Relationships, Behavior


Road Map
========

1. Construct examples for all concept types

1. User groups and features
1. Primary Features
	- maps
1. Site map
	for each page
		- Who are the audiences?
		- what is the goal of the page?
		- What features accomplish the goal?
		- What needs to be wireframed?

1. flow chart
1. wireframe
1. storyboard






- What is the purpose/goal?
- who uses?
	- Why do they care?
- What functions does the feature provide?

